ArgoCD: Add warnings to indicate github alone is supported (#2856)
OctopusDeploy/docs: src/pages/docs/argo-cd/steps/update-application-manifests.md

3. Git Commit Method specifies _how_ changes are merged - merging directly into the repo, or going via a PR.
    * A third option exists whereby you can specify which environments should use PRs, with all others falling back to a direct commit
    * This is useful if your Production environment requires PRs, but early environments do not.
:::div{.warning}

>    At this time, PRs can only be created for GitHub based repositories, work is coming to support other platforms.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Currently, PR's can only be created for GitHub-based repositories. Please [let us know](https://oc.to/roadmap-argo-cd) which other providers you would like to see supported.
```
